Register btcpay rewording (#841)
btcpayserver/btcpayserver-doc: docs/README.md

### How is it different

BTCPay Server is free, open-source, self-hostable software. 

> BTCPay Server is not a company. To use BTCPay Server, you can register an account on the [official demo](https://mainnet.demo.btcpayserver.org/Account/Login), [deploy](./Deployment.md) your own instance, or use a [third-party host](./ThirdPartyHosting.md).

Reviewer: Not sure if we should promote "use" with the demo instance. We should be more explicit here imho.

Author: I get what you're saying.
Yet it's stated as a demo.

Maybe the wording as follows could be better ?

```suggestion
BTCPay Server is not a company. To use BTCPay Server, [deploy](./Deployment.md) your own instance, or use a [third-party host](./ThirdPartyHosting.md).

 To explore what BTCPay Server has to offer, head over to the [official demo](https://mainnet.demo.btcpayserver.org/Account/Login).
```

Reviewer: I think this is better.

### How is it different

BTCPay Server is free, open-source, self-hostable software. 
BTCPay Server is not a company. To use BTCPay Server, [deploy](./Deployment.md) your own instance, or use a [third-party host](./ThirdPartyHosting.md).

 To explore what BTCPay Server has to offer, head over to the [official demo](https://mainnet.demo.btcpayserver.org/Account/Login).

> While using BTCPay Server, there is no third-party between a merchant and a customer. The merchant is always in full control of their funds. There are no processing or subscription fees. BTCPay Server is free to use and completely open-source, so developers or security auditors can always inspect the quality of the code.

Reviewer 2: I feel like we should avoid:
- using "no third-party" because it might be confusing with our third-party host terminology.
- using merchant & customer on main intro because of people using the software for donations.

@Zaxounette what do you think about these neutral replacements?

> While using BTCPay Server, there is no third-party between a merchant and a customer. The merchant is always in full control of their funds. There are no processing or subscription fees. BTCPay Server is free to use and completely open-source, so developers or security auditors can always inspect the quality of the code.

Author: Agreed, thanks ! :)
